Prevent setting an invalid feature toggle (#2703)
SAP/luigi: docs/luigi-core-api.md

##### Parameters

> -   `featureToggleName` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** the name of the feature toogle
> -   `fromUrlQuery` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** whether the feature toogle is sent from url query. Default is false. (optional, default `false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `featureToggleName` **[string](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String)** the name of the feature toggle
-   `fromUrlQuery` **[boolean](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean)** specifies whether the feature toggle is sent from URL query. The default is `false`.(optional, default `false`)
```

-   **since**: 1.4.0

> #### isValid

Reviewer 2: I believe **isValid** and is **isDuplicatedOrDisabled** are not intended to be publicly available API calls as they are internal class helper functions, unless it was specifically required . 
They are most likely automatically added here because they are in the core-api/ folder. I think you can add the following comment similar to [here](https://github.com/SAP/luigi/blob/master/core/src/core-api/config.js#L177) and then run **npm run docu** again to remove the docu about these functions:

`   * @private`

Author: Good catch! Thanks for pointing this out.
